.TH ANTIWORD 1 "Dec 05, 2000" "Antiword 0.31" "Linux User\'s Manual"
.SH NAME
antiword - show the text and images of MS Word documents
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B antiword
[
.I options
]
.I wordfiles
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I antiword
is an application that displays the text and the images of Microsoft Word
documents.  Only documents made by MS Word version 6 or later are supported.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h
Give a help message.
.TP
.BI "\-i " "image level"
The image level decides how images will be shown.
.RS
.TP 3
0:
Use non-standard extentions from Ghostscript. This output may not print on
any PostScript printer, but is useful in case no hard-copy is needed. It is
also useful when Gostscript is used as a filter to print a PostScript file to
a non-PostScript printer.
.TP 3
1:
Show no images.
.TP 3
2:
PostScript level 2 compatible. (default)
.TP 3
3:
PostScript level 3 compatible. (EXPERIMENTAL, Portable Network Graphics (PNG)
images are not printed correctly)
.RE
.TP
.BI "\-m " "mapping file"
This file is used to map Unicode characters to your local single-byte
characters set. The default is 8859-1.txt for Western European languages.
.TP
.BI "\-p " papersize
Output in PostScript form. Printable on paper of the given size: 10x14,
a3, a4, a5, b4, b5, executive, folio, legal, letter, note, quarto, statement
or tabloid.
.TP
.B \-s
Include text with the so called "hidden text" attribute.
.TP
.B \-t
Output in text form. (default)
.TP
.BI "\-w " width
In text mode this is the width of a line in characters. A value of zero puts
an entire paragraph on a line, useful when the text is to used as input for an
other wordprocessor. This value is ignored in PostScript mode.
.TP
.B \-L
In PostScript mode: use landscape mode.
.RE
.TP
.B "\-X PostScript encoding"
.RS
.TP 3
1:
In Postscript mode: encode in the ISO-8859-1 character set.
(This option implies -m 8859-1.txt) (default)
.TP 3
2:
In Postscript mode: encode in the ISO-8859-2 character set.
(This option implies -m 8859-2.txt) (EXPERIMENTAL and UNTESTED)
.RE
.SH FILES
.TP
$HOME/.antiword/8859-1.txt and friends:
.br
Mapping files (see -m option)
.TP
$HOME/.antiword/fontnames:
.br
This file contains the translation table from font names as used by MS Word to
fontnames used by PostScript.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
Antiword uses the environment variable ``HOME'' to find the home directory of
the user. When in text mode it uses the variable ``COLUMNS'' to set the width
of the output (unless overridden by the -w option).
.SH BUGS
Antiword is far from complete. Many features are still missing. Many images are
not shown yet. Some of the images that are shown, are shown in the wrong place.
.SH WEB SIDES
The most recent released version of antiword is always available from:
.br
http://www.winfield.demon.nl/index.html
.br
or try
.br
http://www.antiword.org/
.SH AUTHOR
Adri van Os <antiword@winfield.demon.nl>
.br
or try <comments@antiword.org>
.sp
R.F. Smith <rsmith@xs4all.nl> contibuted to this manual page.
.SH LICENSE
Antiword is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for
more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307 USA
.SH ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds.
.br
Postscript is a trademark of Adobe Systems Incorporated.
.br
Microsoft is a registered trademark and Windows is a trademark of Microsoft
Corporation.
